we're evacuating the building thank God
I need your help don't stay in here I'm
not leaving the category 5 hurricane
going on outside you forgot about that I
think it's a five already
there is a storm right now 160 miles per
hour
perhaps devastate Porto Rico
your dad doesn't want to leave I can't
force them help me get him out of this
building
let's go let's go
watch it sweetheart where are they
he's part of a crew at this high-end
high stuff
I got a buddy downtown he's been chasing
these clowns for a month cop to what do
you think these guys want I might have a
pretty good idea 55 million dollars it's
here in this building that's blood money
if we're gonna stand any kind of chance
we need all the firepower we could give
it
Stan's lab we go floor by floor and so
we find them
[Music]
when the eye of the star if you're
trying to make an impression now's the
time
[Music]
I'll shoot you in the head I'm not going
out that way
remember shoot to kill kids hey nice
work kid
you